Find more solutions
Returns and Refunds
›
Returns
Amazon Return Policy
Easy shopping, simple returns - that's our promise
. At Amazon, we're committed to making your shopping experience as seamless and worry-free
as possible. We understand that there may be times when a purchase may not meet your
expectations or your needs might change. When that happens, we make completing a return
simple and convenient.
Most items can be returned for a refund or replacement/exchange within 30 days of
delivery as long as they are in original or unused condition. For eligible items,
you can enjoy free returns at many locations near you. For information on an item's
return eligibility, please check the product detail page before placing your order.
After placing an order, you can find relevant information on an item's return eligibility
in your
Order History
.
A refund will be provided if Amazon (or the third-party seller) has received the item,
and determined that you are eligible for a refund. It can take up to 30 days for us
to receive and process your return. In certain circumstances refund timeframes may
be longer. If we need additional information about your return, we will notify you
with instructions to contact Customer Service. For more information, please see our
Refunds
page.
Refund Timelines
Once we issue your refund, it may take additional time for your financial institution
to make funds available in your account.
Refund Timeline
Refund Method
2-3 hours
Amazon.com Gift Card or Gift Card balance
3-5 business days
Credit Card
Up to 5 business days
Shop with Reward Points
Up to 10 business days
Debit card
Checking account
EBT Card
Cash (at participating locations)
Up to 30 days
Prepaid credit card (depending on the issuer of the card)
No refund issued
Promotional certificate
Return Window
Most items sold on Amazon.com can be returned within 30 days of delivery - some exceptions
include:
7 days
Digital books accidentally purchased from the Kindle Store that have not been read.
Digital textbooks, workbooks, and other educational content that have not been downloaded.
Songs or albums accidentally purchased from our Digital Music Store using Alexa
15 days
Apple Brand products and Boost Infinite Brand products sold in new condition (AppleCare+
plans may be canceled in accordance with the terms of the plan)
Items sold in the
Amazon Haul
store that are over $3 (Haul items less than $3 are non-returnable and non-refundable).
90 days
Select Amazon Renewed products in "Acceptable," "Good," or "Excellent" condition types.
Most nonperishable Baby products
Items purchased from an Amazon Birthday and/or Custom Gift List by someone other than
the registry owner.
Mattresses (excluding crib mattresses)
180 days
Items purchased from an Amazon Wedding Registry by someone other than the registry
owner.
365 days
Amazon Renewed products in "Premium" condition
Items purchased from an Amazon Baby Registry by someone other than the registry owner.
Items That You Can't Return
Some products are non-returnable, such as the following:
Perishables
Products that may pose potential health and safety risks if returned
Products with shipping restrictions
Customized products made specifically for you
Redeemable products
Amazon Pharmacy products
Pet medication products
Certain digital products
Automobiles
Additionally, products listed as "
Final Sale
" are non-returnable and non-refundable, including trading card games, specific discounted
items, and items sold in the
store that are $3 and less.
In the unlikely event that a non-returnable/Final Sale item arrives damaged, defective,
or materially different from what was ordered, please contact
Customer Service
Initiating a Return
To initiate a return on an item that's eligible for return, simply go to
Your Orders
and click on "Return Items" button next to the item. Detail instructions can be found
in this video.
Third-Party Seller Returns
When you order from a third-party seller that fulfills and ships their own inventory,
your return is sent back to the seller instead of Amazon. Sellers must offer one of
the following:
A return address within the United States where you can ship the item
A prepaid return label; or
A full refund without requesting the item be returned
For more information about returns to sellers, please refer to
Returns to Third-Party Sellers
Sending Us Your Return
You can return most items for free at over 8,000 convenient locations, typically
within a 5-mile radius of your address. Additionally, most returns do not need to
be boxed or labeled. Please ensure that your item is returned in
original or unused condition with tags attached and hygiene seals and liners intact,
and in the original manufacturer's packaging including tags, components, accessories,
manuals, certificates of authenticity, and other inserts.
Please return your item before the "return by date" shown in your return request
confirmation email or in the "Return Request" tab in your
Please follow the return instructions for each item to receive a refund. Do not include
items from separate orders in the same return.
If you have bought an item (for example, computers, electronics) on which you've
saved personal information, please erase this information completely by following
manufacturer instructions.
Amazon Pharmacy
Items purchased from Amazon Pharmacy are not returnable or refundable. For more details
or further assistance with an Amazon Pharmacy item, please see the
Amazon Pharmacy Help Page
Amazon Business
This return policy also applies to purchases made through your Amazon Business account.
For the return policies on special Amazon Business programs such as Spot Buys made
through the Custom Quote feature, please consult the Amazon Business
Accounts Terms and Conditions
and
Feature Terms and Conditions
. Contact
for more help.
Amazon Luxury
For more information on Amazon Luxury items, or if there are any issues with your
Amazon Luxury purchase, please visit our
Amazon Luxury Help Page
Return Fees
While returns are generally free, certain situations or item conditions may incur
fees. Note that an item cannot be sent back to you after it has been returned (except
certain Amazon Luxury items that incur 100% damage fees).
Fee
Description
Amount
Return Shipping Fee
Most items include at least one free return shipping option. However, you may be
charged if:
You select a shipping/drop-off option that is not free.
You return a heavy and/or bulky item.
You have an unusually high return rate.
Varies by item and/or the shipping method selected.
Late fee
You may be charged a fee when you do not drop off or complete a carrier pickup on
or before the "return by date".
20% of the item price for the first 30 days after the "return by date"; 100% of the
item price afterwards.
Damage fee
You may be charged a fee when you return an item that is damaged, missing parts,
not in original condition, has tags removed or have obvious signs of use for reasons
not due to an Amazon.com or seller error.
Up to 50% of the item price, except for Amazon Luxury items, which will be charged
100% of the item price.
Restocking Fee
You may be charged a fee when you return an item from any of the following product
types:
Software and video games that are opened, activated, used, or missing parts.
Opened collectible cards, board games/table top games, collectible/chase variant figurines.
100% of the item price
Heavy and/or Bulky Items
Items that are considered heavy and/or bulky:
Weigh 50 lbs or more.
The longest side (when packed) exceeds 59 inches.
The item’s girth exceeds 130 inches (girth = length + 2 * (width + height)).
These returns may incur a return shipping fee that is variable based on the item’s
weight, dimensions, and handling requirements. Some returns may require an appointment
for a home collection by a specialty carrier team. Additional fees may apply for returns
to third-party sellers. For more information about returns to sellers, please refer
to
Discounted Purchases
If you return an item that was part of a discount qualification, we will reduce your
refund to account for the return.
Returning a Gift
Go to the
Returns page
. Use the 17-digit order number, for example 123-1234567-1234567
(add: "how do I find this?" hover-over link)
on your packing slip that came with your item or on the digital gift receipt, to
initiate a return. If you can't locate the order number, ask the gift giver. If you
need an exchange or replacement, you'll need to return the gift and place a new order.
Kindle books you receive as a gift are eligible for exchange for an Amazon.com Gift
Card before acceptance.
Global Store Returns
Items shipped from Amazon.com, including Amazon Resale, can be returned within 30
days of delivery, with some exceptions:
For most Amazon Global Store returns, you will be provided with a pre-paid UPS return
label which allows you to return the item(s) to any UPS drop-off point located across
the US. You can find your most convenient UPS location using the following link:
https://www.ups.com/dropoff/?loc=en_US
Not all Global Store products are eligible for a prepaid return. In this case, you
will need to return the item at your own expense. We recommend you return the item(s)
using a trackable method at the carrier of your choice.
It can take up to 25 days for an item to reach us once you return it. Once the item
is received and processed at our fulfillment center, it takes two business days for
the refund to be processed and 3-5 business days for the refund amount to show up
in your account.
Amazon will automatically refund up to $20 for return postage costs on receipt of
the item. If your return postage costs exceed $20, you may contact
to request a refund of the remaining postage cost. If you return a defective, damaged
or incorrect item, you'll be refunded the full postage cost, as well as your Import
Fees Deposit, once your return is processed.
Special Delivery Service Returns
Items delivered with
"Deluxe Delivery & Unpack"
and "
Deluxe Delivery & Assembly"
services qualify for an Instant Return at the point of delivery. Please visit our
Special Delivery Options
page for more details.
Product Warranties
Please contact the manufacturer directly for product registration and warranty-related
information. A manufacturer warranty may not cover used products offered on Amazon.com.
Review the manufacturer warranty details on the product detail page for coverage or
contact the manufacturer directly.
Unintended Item(s) in My Return
If you accidentally sent the wrong item to Amazon, please contact
as soon as possible. Note that we may not be able to locate mistakenly sent items
and are unable to provide compensation in these cases. Amazon does not store items
sent in error and will handle (and/or dispose) such items at our discretion.
Returning Items Purchased in a Bundle
You must return all items purchased in a Bundle with Savings to receive a refund.
Partial refunds are not available.
Note:
Amazon offers a convenient return service for reasonable use by our customers. Should
customers abuse this service, we may adjust its availability.
For any return, Amazon may require additional information and documentation (such
as a government-issued photo identification) during the processing of a return to
help determine whether to provide a refund/replacement. Amazon reserves the right
to take additional actions to prevent fraud or abuse (including denial of returns,
refunds or exchanges, or imposing return fees). Amazon may modify this policy at any
time.
Please select what best describes the information:
This information is confusing or wrong
This isn't the information I was looking for
I don't like this policy
Submit
Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback,
we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
‹
All Help Topics
Return Items You Ordered
Track Your Return
Return a Gift
Return a Gift Using a Gift Receipt
Send a Gift Receipt
International Returns
Free Returns on Fashion Items
Nonreturnable Items
Cancel a Return
Amazon Global Store Returns
About Mistaken Returns to Amazon
Return Shipping Cost
Quick solutions
Track or cancel orders
Exchange or return items
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Payment Settings
Add or edit payment methods
Carrier Info
Shipping carrier information
Account Settings
Change email or password
Back to top
Get to Know Us
Careers
Amazon Newsletter
About Amazon
Accessibility
Sustainability
Press Center
Investor Relations
Amazon Devices
Amazon Science
Make Money with Us
Sell on Amazon
Sell apps on Amazon
Supply to Amazon
Protect & Build Your Brand
Become an Affiliate
Become a Delivery Driver
Start a Package Delivery Business
Advertise Your Products
Self-Publish with Us
Become an Amazon Hub Partner
See More Ways to Make Money
Amazon Payment Products
Amazon Visa
Amazon Store Card
Amazon Secured Card
Amazon Business Card
Shop with Points
Credit Card Marketplace
Reload Your Balance
Gift Cards
Amazon Currency Converter
Let Us Help You
Your Account
Shipping Rates & Policies
Amazon Prime
Returns & Replacements
Manage Your Content and Devices
Recalls and Product Safety Alerts
Registry & Gift List
Help
English
United States
Amazon Music
Stream millions
of songs
Amazon Ads
Reach customers
wherever they
spend their time
6pm
Score deals
on fashion brands
AbeBooks
Books, art
& collectibles
ACX
Audiobook Publishing
Made Easy
Start a Selling Account
Veeqo
Shipping Software
Inventory Management
Everything For
Your Business
Amazon Fresh
Groceries & More
Right To Your Door
AmazonGlobal
Ship Orders
Internationally
Home Services
Experienced Pros
Happiness Guarantee
Amazon Web Services
Scalable Cloud
Computing Services
Audible
Listen to Books & Original
Audio Performances
Box Office Mojo
Find Movie
Box Office Data
Goodreads
Book reviews
& recommendations
IMDb
Movies, TV
& Celebrities
IMDbPro
Get Info Entertainment
Professionals Need
Kindle Direct Publishing
Indie Digital & Print Publishing
Amazon Photos
Unlimited Photo Storage
Free With Prime
Prime Video Direct
Video Distribution
Shopbop
Designer
Fashion Brands
Amazon Resale
Great Deals on
Quality Used Products
Whole Foods Market
America’s Healthiest
Grocery Store
Woot!
Deals and
Shenanigans
Zappos
Shoes &
Clothing
Ring
Smart Home
Security Systems
eero WiFi
Stream 4K Video
in Every Room
Blink
Smart Security
for Every Home
Neighbors App
Real-Time Crime
& Safety Alerts
PillPack
Pharmacy Simplified
Amazon Renewed
Refurbished tech
you can trust
Consumer Health Data Privacy Disclosure
Your Ads Privacy Choices
© 1996-2026, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates